Trial 7
-------
1. The collision between Ball A and Ball B caused Ball A and Ball E to collide, which caused Ball E to go through the gate.

2. The collision between Ball A and Ball B caused Ball A and Ball E to collide.

3. The collision between Ball A and Ball B prevented the collision between Ball B and Ball E, which would have caused Ball E to go through the gate.

Trial 9
-------
1. The collision between Ball B and Ball E affected the way Ball E didn't go through the gate.

2. The collision between Ball A and Ball E would have caused Ball E to go through the gate.

3. If Ball B and E didn't collide, it would have affected the way Ball E didn't go through the gate.

Trial 5
-------
1. The collision between Ball B and Ball E caused Ball A and Ball E to collide, which caused Ball E to not go through the gate.

2. The collision between Ball B and Ball E caused Ball A and Ball E to collide.

3. The collision between Ball A and Ball E to collide caused Ball E to not go through the gate.

Trial 13
--------
1. The collision between Ball A and Ball B prevented the collision between Ball A and Ball E, which would have caused Ball E to go through the gate.

2. The collision between Ball A and Ball B prevented the collision between Ball A and Ball E.

3. The collision between Ball A and Ball E prevented Ball E from going through the gate.

Trial 16
--------
1. The collision between Ball A and Ball E affected the way Ball E went through the gate.

2. The collision between Ball A and Ball E prevented the collision between Ball B and Ball E, which would have caused Ball E to go through the gate.

3. The collision between Ball B and Ball E would have caused Ball E to go through the gate.

Trial 23
--------
1. The collision between Ball A and Ball B prevented the collision between Ball A and Ball E, which would have caused Ball E to not go through the gate.

2. The collision between Ball A and Ball B prevented the collision between Ball A and Ball E.

3. The collision between Ball A and Ball E would have caused Ball E to not go through the gate. 


